it was sup man a lot of people's ass I'm
wondering whether coming back enough to
the action where I was going around I
could hit me on twitter and I can hit me
on facebook but i'ma let y'all know
officially come back out the reunion
coming back strong the reaction bad the
official brand is going down man looking
at Rome America original members and we
got a couple of new members in the bank
got a lot of shows coming up a lot of
things in store yeah I've been living
off doing a watch out man and I version
of stuff coming a lot of old old stuff
that we got them everybody nice and
bringing that back out for y'all you
know I'm saying that was intrusive and
well- intraday so you want us to it old
onstar from this side and walk around a
little all right now it very clear so
our black man how does rabbinical go
bang ji magic it's time for some magic
my name is sweet girl from Jamaica right
near the beach I'm on a face and I'm
back bitch voice man Larry Wow no shit
boy fat boy crank miles go miss a sh t
with these banging areas so classy move
here get in man but MacGyver you know
what it is man and we still wait forever
you know evidence about he's back
officially back man so you can say it
man that Wally so no sign likes a pretty
much got the original members official
original members that were saying 05 /
60 70 80 90 back becoming strong and
this the only reason I'm coming back
because i got my original in one spot
you know saying so I thought about it I
said I could see if i can do it i
pulling back together so we hate
becoming strong don't get all new music
with a family over is moving a fish
I said again we got two new members of
Ashley a fat boy man you know she's
singing on earth in February on this
thing man lauriana focus is where they
all right no I learnt Dorian I'm saying
sweet when the baddest bass players
already right now you're no sad now keep
all accessories efficient and I said man
we just coming at y'all strong man
coming back and like it's good to be
back from outside it's good to be back
when I'm sent me going for the people
that's all there's a bonus definitely
full of people man so hope y'all enjoy
we got and I'm saying with you and hold
music and I'm saying so is it cuz here
with my head of state man the reaction
back to fish on the dollar global man
it's just that simple they're playing
man yeah I be living on for real song
and coming to a neighborhood the hugest
what it is money but I have fun and do
this shit right now we still in the lab
and getting shit together workin that
shit out getting a shit perfect for
y'all bout to bring a lot energy in
front to the back and front to the stage
who run for the crowd and that's just
yes so am i up and just walking there by
yah i know you got a mapping it 79 come
on buddy this may be the best at my age
in whatever we got what yeah you know
what it is is I'm gonna bag of aspect yo
said yo dinosaur over here
little pig beginning yo sighs so yeah me
I know where my head's all right say hi
for the camera hello showing order again
I don't sound like I was signed on yet
it's official young man and yes a new
beginning look clear like this we get
about it we spelled processor visual
still give me off stuff man but like I
said gay as you can see man you too
bland without Twitter my facebook man
y'all see the original members friends
Richard already out man where's your
balance back slogan man we bouncing like
you never left so everything man
whatever people say bang bang worried
about it we're gonna bring y'all which
I've been asked for which I've been
missing look google ward since our time
you already know me you'll never hear
the fuck oh man we're gonna do it again
man bouncing like we never left nuff
said get up and get out of it once you
is boss to you about deer park but our
fate oh not again